
# Understanding and analysis of the behavior of the customer while purchasing a product on any e-commerce website

# Abstract: -
The new technology has radically changed the tradition way of doing online 
Shopping business. Online Shopping has become new type of retail Shopping. 
Online Shopping strengthening their sale base an financial resources by 
developing their own e-product and service to suit changing needs of the 
customer. The main objective of this study is to analyze buying behavior of 
customer towards online Shopping and to examine the problems of 
Consumer while doing with Online Shopping. The advancement in the 
technology paved new ways of delivering shopping goods facilities to the 
customer, such as Online Shopping. Online Shopping has become a popular 
shopping method over since the internet has declared to take over.
# Problem statement: -
This project aims to gain consumer insight of a multi-category online store 
through Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA). Various methods are utilised in 
order to obtain various angles and critically validate the analysis.
# E-Commerce Behavior Data Dataset
E-Commerce is a business model that lets firms and individuals buy and sell things over the internet.
Behavioral data is data generated by, or in response to, a customer’s engagement with a business.
All events are related to products and users. Each event is like many-to many relation between products and users.[Source Data](https://www.kaggle.com/mkechinov/ecommerce-behavior-data-from-multi-category-store)
